# React Material Admin Full

## This project was generated by Flatlogic Platform.

## To start the project:

Install dependencies via npm or yarn

```shell
npm install
```

```shell
yarn
```

Run development server

```shell
yarn start
```

## Support

For any additional information please refer to [Flatlogic homepage](https://flatlogic.com).

## To start the project with Docker:

## Description:

The project contains the **docker folder** and the `Dockerfile`.

The `Dockerfile` is used to Deploy the project to Google Cloud.

The **docker folder** contains a couple of helper scripts:

- `docker-compose.yml` (all our services: web, backend, db are described here)
- `start-backend.sh` (starts backend, but only after the database)
- `wait-for-it.sh` (imported from https://github.com/vishnubob/wait-for-it)

  > To avoid breaking the application, we recommend you don't edit the following files: everything that includes the **docker folder** and `Dokerfile`.

## Run services:

1. Install docker compose (https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

2. Move to `docker` folder. All next steps should be done from this folder.

   `cd docker`

3. Make executables from `wait-for-it.sh` and `start-backend.sh`:

   `chmod +x start-backend.sh && chmod +x wait-for-it.sh`

4. Download dependend projects for services.

5. Review the docker-compose.yml file. Make sure that all services have Dockerfiles. Only db service doesn't require a Dockerfile.

6. Make sure you have needed ports (see them in `ports`) available on your local machine.

7. Start services:

   7.1. With an empty database `rm -rf data && docker-compose up`

   7.2. With a stored (from previus runs) database data `docker-compose up`

8. Check http://localhost:3000

9. Stop services:

   9.1. Just press `Ctr+C`
